fix(user mgmt concepts): clarifying type vs roles (#11725)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-management-concepts.mdx

When it comes to what New Relic features your users can access, there are two main factors: 

* A user's **[user type](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-user-management/user-type)**: For organizations on [our usage-based pricing](/docs/accounts/accounts-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing/new-relic-one-pricing-billing), your users' user type is a billing factor. The user type is what sets the maximum allowed capabilities a user can access. It's meant to be a long-term setting based on someone's expected New Relic duties over the next few months or years.
* A user's assigned **roles**: after a user's user type is decided, **roles** can be used to more precisely control a user's access. Roles are sets of **capabilities**, which are the granular New Relic abilities (for example, the ability to modify New Relic APM settings). Roles are assigned by applying them to a [user group](#groups). 

### How user type and role access intersect [#user-type-role]

> A New Relic user is given permission to use a New Relic feature by the combination of their a) user type, and their b) role permissions. For a New Relic user to access something, that must be allowed by both the user type and an assigned role.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A New Relic user is given permission to use a New Relic feature by the combination of their (a) user type, and their (b) role permissions. For a New Relic user to access something, they need both the correct user type and assigned role.  
```

> For example, let's say a basic user is assigned a role with a lot of New Relic access, like [**All product admin**](#standard-roles). Their user type (basic user) would prevent them from using many of the features that a core user or full platform user can access. In order to get more access, they'd have to upgrade to a core or full platform user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, let's say a basic user is assigned a role with a lot of New Relic access, like [**All product admin**](#standard-roles). Their user type (basic user) would prevent them from using many of the features that a core user or full-platform user can access. In order to get more access, they'd have to upgrade to a core or full-platform user. 
```

Author: we just say 'full platform user' fwiw

> As another example: let's say a full platform user has a restrictive role assigned (like [**Read only**](#standard-roles)). A full platform user can theoretically access all of New Relic, but in this case their assigned role would restrict their access. To get more access, their assigned roles would need to be changed (for example, by assigning them to a different group, or adjusting the roles assigned to their group).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As another example, let's say a full-platform user has a restrictive role assigned (like [**Read only**](#standard-roles)). A full-platform user can theoretically access all of New Relic, but in this case their assigned role would restrict their access. To get more access, their assigned roles would need to be changed (for example, by assigning them to a different group, or adjusting the roles assigned to their group).
```
